Let's do the Image Post Format in this lecture.
So let's search for "post format image". Sorry. And let's also find these in the backend.
So we've three images with post format image. So let's see the first one.
So like the link and the quote, a post for the post format image can just be a post with only an image in
the content.
And all we have to do is just display the content which will display this image.
So let's do that.
And that will also be exactly like the link and the quote. Let's copy that. And let's create content-image
and paste.
And then let's take a look.
And as you can see we have an image and you also have an image with a caption. And that's all what we have
to do.
Maybe we can just add some spacing here.
But you know you can do that. And that will be the image post format.
I just noticed we have some weird border here.
I think that could be a problem with the post itself.
So let's take a look. And yeah, we have some space here so let's remove that.
And let's take a look.
And yeah it's fine now.
So the image post format is just an image that you display. And you should instruct your users that they
only have to add an image in the content and nothing more.
So you still have three post formats missing.
So if you go to theme support we still have, we did the aside and the image. We still have the video and
the gallery and the audio. And these ones there will be a little more challenging
that what we've done so far.
But not very hard as well.
So let's take a look at the maybe the video in the next lecture.
So see you in the next lecture.